The more you take, the more you leave behind. \nWhat am I? footsteps
What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs? penny
What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment, but never in a thousand years? m
David's father has three sons : Snap, Crackle and...? david
What has many keys, but can't even open a single door? piano
What is black when you buy it, red when you use it, and gray when you throw it away? charcoal
Tall I am young, Short I am old, \nWhile with life I glow, Wind is my foe. \nWhat am I? candle
I am not alive, but I grow; \nI don't have lungs, but I need air; \nI don't have a mouth, but water kills me. \nWhat am I? fire
If you have me, you want to share me. \nIf you share me, you haven't got me. \nWhat am I? secret
What always runs but never walks, often murmurs, never talks, has a bed but never sleeps, has a mouth but never eats? river
I am a word of six; my first three letters refer to an automobile; my last three letters refer to a household animal; my first four letters is a fish; my whole is found in your room. \nWhat am I? carpet
Here are four statements:\n1. Only one of the statements is false 2. Exactly two of the statements are false. 3. Only three of the statements are false. 4. Exactly four of the statements are false. 5. All five of these statements are false. Which is correct? 4
My age today is three times what it will be three years from now minus three times what my age was three years ago. \nHow old am I? 18
What can point in every direction but can't reach the destination by itself? finger
What goes up but never comes down? age  
Always in you, Sometimes on you, If I surround you, I can kill you. What am I? water
I have lakes but no water, no cars but I have streets, many places and borders, but I'm in one piece. \nWhat am I? map
I make two people out of one.  \nWhat am I? mirror
Until I am measured I am not known, Yet how you miss me when I have flown.  \nWhat am I? time
Only one color, but not one size. \nStuck at the bottom, yet easily flies. \nPresent in sun, but not in rain. \nDoing no harm, and feeling no pain. \nWhat is it? shadow